#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_py-xgboost-mutex         2.0                       cpu_0    conda-forge
_sysroot_linux-64_curr_repodata_hack 3                   h69a702a_16    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.11               hd590300_1    conda-forge
annotated-types           0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aom                       3.9.1                hac33072_0    conda-forge
argtable2                 2.13              hd590300_1004    conda-forge
arviz                     0.19.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
atk-1.0                   2.38.0               h04ea711_2    conda-forge
attrs                     24.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
aws-c-auth                0.7.22               h96bc93b_2    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.6.14               h88a6e22_1    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.9.19               h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
aws-c-compression         0.2.18               h83b837d_6    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.4.2               ha47c788_12    conda-forge
aws-c-http                0.8.1               h29d6fba_17    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.14.8               h21d4f22_5    conda-forge
aws-c-mqtt                0.10.4               h759edc4_4    conda-forge
aws-c-s3                  0.5.9                h594631b_3    conda-forge
aws-c-sdkutils            0.1.16               h83b837d_2    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.1.18               h83b837d_6    conda-forge
aws-crt-cpp               0.26.9               he3a8b3b_0    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.11.329             hba8bd5f_3    conda-forge
bambi                     0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.40                 ha1999f0_7    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.40                 hb3c18ed_2    conda-forge
biopython                 1.84            py311h331c9d8_0    conda-forge
biothings_client          0.2.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blast                     2.16.0               hc155240_2    bioconda
blast-legacy              2.2.26               h9ee0642_3    bioconda
bleach                    6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blinker                   1.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
blosc                     1.21.5               hc2324a3_1    conda-forge
bokeh                     3.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py311hfdbb021_2    conda-forge
brunsli                   0.1                  h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.33.1               heb4867d_0    conda-forge
c-blosc2                  2.14.4               hb4ffafa_1    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.8.30            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachetools                5.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.0               h3faef2a_0    conda-forge
cattrs                    24.1.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.8.30          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py311hf29c0ef_0    conda-forge
charls                    2.4.2                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
clarabel                  0.7.1           py311h7e2346c_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.7           unix_pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
clustalo                  1.2.4                hdbdd923_8    bioconda
clustalw                  2.1                 h4ac6f70_10    bioconda
cmdstan                   2.33.1               hff4ab46_0    conda-forge
cmdstanpy                 1.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorcet                  3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colour                    0.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cons                      0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.3.0           py311hd18a35c_1    conda-forge
convertdate               2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cramjam                   2.8.4rc3        py311ha8c6e60_2    conda-forge
curl                      8.8.0                he654da7_1    conda-forge
cvxopt                    1.3.2           py311he0106dc_3    conda-forge
cvxpy                     1.5.3           py311h38be061_0    conda-forge
cvxpy-base                1.5.3           py311h044e617_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cytoolz                   0.12.3          py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
dacite                    1.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dash                      2.18.1                   pypi_0    pypi
dash-bio                  1.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
dash-core-components      2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
dash-html-components      2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
dash-table                5.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
dask                      2024.8.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2024.8.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dask-expr                 1.1.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dask-jobqueue             0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
datashader                0.16.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dav1d                     1.2.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.5           py311hfdbb021_1    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
deprecated                1.2.14                   pypi_0    pypi
distributed               2024.8.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dm-tree                   0.1.8           py311hbffca5d_5    conda-forge
docopt                    0.6.2                    pypi_0    pypi
dsdp                      5.8               hd9d9efa_1203    conda-forge
ecos                      2.0.14          py311h9f3472d_1    conda-forge
ensembl-vep               112.0           pl5321h2a3209d_0    bioconda
entrez-direct             22.4                 he881be0_0    bioconda
ephem                     4.1.5           py311h9ecbd09_2    conda-forge
et-xmlfile                1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
etuples                   0.3.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.6.3                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
fancyimpute               0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fastparquet               2024.5.0        py311h18e1886_0    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_hf1063bd_110    conda-forge
filelock                  3.16.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
firefox                   130.0                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
flask                     3.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_2    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.53.1          py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
formulae                  0.5.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
frozendict                2.4.4           py311h331c9d8_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    2024.9.0           pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
ftpretty                  0.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
gawk                      5.3.0                ha916aea_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         12.4.0               hb2e57f8_1    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              12.4.0               h6b7512a_2    conda-forge
gcta                      1.94.1               h9ee0642_0    bioconda
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.12              hb9ae30d_0    conda-forge
geckodriver               0.35.0               he0f44a0_0    conda-forge
geoparse                  2.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
gettext                   0.22.5               he02047a_3    conda-forge
gettext-tools             0.22.5               he02047a_3    conda-forge
gflags                    2.2.2             he1b5a44_1004    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
glog                      0.7.1                hbabe93e_0    conda-forge
glpk                      5.0                  h445213a_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                hac33072_2    conda-forge
goatools                  1.4.12                   pypi_0    pypi
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
graphviz                  11.0.0               hc68bbd7_0    conda-forge
greenlet                  3.1.0           py311hfdbb021_2    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gtk2                      2.24.33              h280cfa0_4    conda-forge
gts                       0.7.6                h977cf35_4    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         12.4.0               h613a52c_1    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              12.4.0               h8489865_2    conda-forge
h11                       0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h5netcdf                  1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.11.0          nompi_py311h439e445_102    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  8.5.0                hfac3d4d_0    conda-forge
hdbscan                   0.8.38.post1    py311h9f3472d_2    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.3          nompi_hdf9ad27_105    conda-forge
holidays                  0.56               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
holoviews                 1.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
htmlmin                   0.1.12             pyhca7485f_2    conda-forge
htslib                    1.21                 h5efdd21_0    bioconda
hvplot                    0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       73.2                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
imagecodecs               2024.6.1        py311h60053b1_0    conda-forge
imagehash                 4.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
imageio                   2.35.1             pyh12aca89_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.5.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        8.5.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.4.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iniconfig                 2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.5             pyh3099207_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.27.0             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
itsdangerous              2.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2           py311h38be061_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jxrlib                    1.1                  hd590300_3    conda-forge
kaleido                   0.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
kernel-headers_linux-64   3.10.0              h4a8ded7_16    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.7           py311hd18a35c_0    conda-forge
knnimpute                 0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lazy-loader               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
lazy_loader               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 hb7c19ff_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 hf3520f5_7    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20240116.2      cxx17_he02047a_1    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.3                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libarrow                  16.1.0           hcb6531f_6_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-acero            16.1.0           hac33072_6_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-dataset          16.1.0           hac33072_6_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-substrait        16.1.0           h7e0c224_6_cpu    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.22.5               he8f35ee_3    conda-forge
libasprintf-devel         0.22.5               he8f35ee_3    conda-forge
libavif16                 1.1.1                h104a339_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           23_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libboost                  1.84.0               hba137d9_3    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           23_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h4637d8d_4    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.8.0                hca28451_1    conda-forge
libdb                     6.2.32               h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.20                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               hf998b51_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.3                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc                    14.1.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     12.4.0             ha4f9413_101    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgd                     2.3.3                h119a65a_9    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.22.5               he02047a_3    conda-forge
libgettextpo-devel        0.22.5               he02047a_3    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            14.1.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.1.0               hc5f4f2c_1    conda-forge
libglib                   2.80.2               hf974151_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   14.1.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.24.0               h2736e30_0    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud-storage   2.24.0               h3d9a0c8_0    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.62.2               h15f2491_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.11.1          default_hecaa2ac_1000    conda-forge
libhwy                    1.1.0                h00ab1b0_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.7                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libjxl                    0.10.3               h66b40c8_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           23_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm14                 14.0.6               hcd5def8_4    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.27          pthreads_hac2b453_1    conda-forge
libosqp                   0.6.3                h6a678d5_0  
libparquet                16.1.0           h6a7eafb_6_cpu    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libpq                     16.4                 h2d7952a_1    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.25.3               h08a7969_0    conda-forge
libqdldl                  0.1.7                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2023.09.01           h5a48ba9_2    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.58.1               hadf69e7_0    conda-forge
libsanitizer              12.4.0               h46f95d5_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.20               h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.46.0               hde9e2c9_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 14.1.0               hc0a3c3a_1    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  12.4.0             ha4f9413_101    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              14.1.0               h4852527_1    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.19.0               hb90f79a_1    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                h1dd3fc0_3    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.8.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.4.0                h2c329e2_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.4.0                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libxgboost                2.1.1            cpu_h7afb2cf_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.7               hc051c1a_1    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.39               h76b75d6_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h4ab18f5_6    conda-forge
libzopfli                 1.0.3                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
lightgbm                  4.5.0           cpu_py3.11h234f6bd_2    conda-forge
linkify-it-py             2.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.43.0          py311h6a678d5_0  
locket                    1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
logical-unification       0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
lunarcalendar             0.0.9                      py_0    conda-forge
lxml                      5.2.2           py311hc0a218f_0    conda-forge
lz4                       4.3.3           py311h2cbdf9a_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              hd590300_1001    conda-forge
mafft                     7.526                h4bc722e_0    conda-forge
make                      4.4.1                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
markdown                  3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.5           py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.8.4           py311ha4ca890_2    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdit-py-plugins           0.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
metis                     5.1.0             h59595ed_1007    conda-forge
minikanren                1.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                h90cbb55_3    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.1.0           py311hd18a35c_0    conda-forge
multimethod               1.10                     pypi_0    pypi
multipledispatch          0.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
muscle                    5.1                  h4ac6f70_3    bioconda
mygene                    3.2.2              pyh5e36f6f_0    bioconda
mypy-extensions           1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
mysql-connector-c         6.1.11            h659d440_1008    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.10.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncbi-datasets-cli         16.28.0              ha770c72_0    conda-forge
ncbi-vdb                  3.1.1                h4ac6f70_2    bioconda
ncurses                   6.5                  he02047a_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nltk                      3.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nomkl                     1.0                  h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
nose                      1.3.7                   py_1006    conda-forge
numba                     0.60.0          py311h4bc866e_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.10.0          py311h8d05612_100    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py311h64a7726_0    conda-forge
ocl-icd                   2.3.2                hd590300_1    conda-forge
openjdk                   11.0.23              h24d6bf4_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h488ebb8_0    conda-forge
openpyxl                  3.1.5                    pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   3.3.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
orc                       2.0.1                h17fec99_1    conda-forge
osqp                      0.6.7.post0     py311h14de704_0    conda-forge
outcome                   1.3.0.post0        pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
packaging                 24.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
paml                      4.10.7               h031d066_1    bioconda
pandas                    2.2.2           py311h14de704_1    conda-forge
pandas-plink              2.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pandas-stubs              2.2.2.240909             pypi_0    pypi
pandera                   0.20.4                   pypi_0    pypi
panel                     1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.54.0               h84a9a3c_0    conda-forge
param                     2.1.1              pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
parmed                    4.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
partd                     1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.43                hcad00b1_0    conda-forge
periodictable             1.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
perl                      5.32.1          7_hd590300_perl5    conda-forge
perl-algorithm-diff       1.201           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          2.40            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-base                 2.23            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-bio-asn1-entrezgene  1.73            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-bio-coordinate       1.007001        pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-bio-db-hts           3.01            pl5321he4a0461_9    bioconda
perl-bio-featureio        1.6.905         pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-bio-samtools         1.43            pl5321he4a0461_4    bioconda
perl-bio-searchio-hmmer   1.7.3           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-phylo-paml 1.7.3           pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-run-alignment-clustalw 1.7.4           pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-run-alignment-tcoffee 1.7.4           pl5321hdfd78af_5    bioconda
perl-bioperl              1.7.8                hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-bioperl-core         1.7.8           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-bioperl-run          1.007003        pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn        3.007           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-business-isbn-data   20210112.006    pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-carp                 1.50            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-class-data-inheritable 0.09            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.202           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-constant             1.33            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-data-dumper          2.183           pl5321hd590300_0    conda-forge
perl-db_file              1.858           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-dbd-mysql            4.046           pl5321h9f5acd7_4    bioconda
perl-dbi                  1.643           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-devel-stacktrace     2.04            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-digest-hmac          1.04            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-digest-md5           2.58            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-encode               3.21            pl5321hd590300_0    conda-forge
perl-encode-locale        1.05            pl5321hdfd78af_7    bioconda
perl-exception-class      1.45            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-exporter             5.74            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.70            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-listing         6.16            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-file-slurp-tiny      0.004           pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-file-sort            1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-file-spec            3.48_01         pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-getopt-long          2.58            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-html-parser          3.81            pl5321h4ac6f70_1    bioconda
perl-html-tagset          3.20            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-http-cookies         6.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-daemon          6.16            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-date            6.06            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-message         6.36            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-negotiate       6.01            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-inc-latest           0.500           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321hdbdd923_2    bioconda
perl-io-html              1.004           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-io-socket-ssl        2.075           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-io-string            1.08            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-io-tty               1.16            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-io-zlib              1.14            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-ipc-run              20200505.0      pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.10            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-json-xs              4.03            pl5321h4ac6f70_3    bioconda
perl-libwww-perl          6.67            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-libxml-perl          0.08            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321h031d066_2    bioconda
perl-lwp-mediatypes       6.04            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-mime-base64          3.16            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-module-build         0.4234          pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-net-http             6.22            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-net-ssleay           1.92            pl5321hf14f497_1    conda-forge
perl-ntlm                 1.09            pl5321hdfd78af_5    bioconda
perl-parent               0.241           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-perlio-gzip          0.20            pl5321he4a0461_5    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.63            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-sereal               4.019           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-sereal-decoder       4.025           pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-sereal-encoder       4.025           pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-set-intervaltree     0.12            pl5321hdbdd923_3    bioconda
perl-socket               2.027           pl5321h031d066_4    bioconda
perl-storable             3.15            pl5321hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
perl-sub-uplevel          0.2800          pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-test-deep            1.130           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-test-differences     0.71            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-test-exception       0.43            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-test-fatal           0.016           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-harness         3.44            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-test-most            0.38            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-test-warn            0.37            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-test-warnings        0.031           pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-text-csv             2.02            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-text-diff            1.45            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-time-local           1.35            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-timedate             2.33            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-tree-dag_node        1.32            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.32            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-uri                  5.17            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-url-encode           0.03            pl5321h9ee0642_0    bioconda
perl-www-robotrules       6.02            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-xml-dom              1.46            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-xml-dom-xpath        0.14            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-xml-parser           2.44_01         pl5321hc3e0081_1003    conda-forge
perl-xml-regexp           0.04            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
perl-xml-xpathengine      0.14            pl5321hdfd78af_3    bioconda
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
phik                      0.12.3          py311h64516f0_1    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    10.3.0          py311h18e6fac_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.2               pyh8b19718_1    conda-forge
pixman                    0.43.2               h59595ed_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
plink                     1.90b6.21            h031d066_5    bioconda
plotly                    5.24.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
poa                       2.0                  h031d066_5    bioconda
prompt-toolkit            3.0.47             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prophet                   1.1.5           py311h1fff0e1_1    conda-forge
psutil                    6.0.0           py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
psycopg2                  2.9.9           py311h03dec38_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py-cpuinfo                9.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py-xgboost                2.1.1           cpu_pyh995e691_1    conda-forge
pyaml                     24.7.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyarrow                   16.1.0          py311h781c19f_1    conda-forge
pyarrow-core              16.1.0          py311h8e2c35d_1_cpu    conda-forge
pyarrow-hotfix            0.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pybind11-abi              4                    hd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyct                      0.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic                  2.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pydantic-core             2.23.3          py311h9e33e62_0    conda-forge
pydot                     3.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.18.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygraphviz                1.13            py311hf4289f6_1    conda-forge
pyld                      2.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pymc                      5.16.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pymc-base                 5.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pymeeus                   0.5.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pynndescent               0.5.13             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
pytables                  3.9.2           py311h3e8b7c9_2    conda-forge
pytensor                  2.23.0          py311ha02d727_0  
pytensor-base             2.25.4          py311h6dcdc2f_0    conda-forge
pytest                    8.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python                    3.11.9          hb806964_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-graphviz           0.20.3             pyh717bed2_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    5_cp311    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyviz_comms               3.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pywavelets                1.7.0           py311h07ce7c0_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     26.2.0          py311h7deb3e3_2    conda-forge
qdldl-python              0.1.7.post4     py311h7db5c69_1    conda-forge
rav1e                     0.6.6                he8a937b_2    conda-forge
re2                       2023.09.01           h7f4b329_2    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.35.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
regex                     2024.9.11       py311h9ecbd09_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests-cache            1.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
retrying                  1.3.4                    pypi_0    pypi
rich                      13.8.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.20.0          py311h9e33e62_1    conda-forge
rpsbproc                  0.5.0                h6a68c12_0    bioconda
s2n                       1.4.15               he19d79f_0    conda-forge
scikit-image              0.24.0          py311h044e617_2    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.5.2           py311h57cc02b_1    conda-forge
scikit-optimize           0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.13.1          py311h517d4fd_0    conda-forge
scs                       3.2.7           default_py311he11e7d9_1    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.2               hd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
selenium                  4.24.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
selenium-manager          4.24.0               h8fae777_0    conda-forge
setuptools                73.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
shap                      0.45.1          cpu_py311h9c1f9ec_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
slicer                    0.0.8              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.1                ha2e4443_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snpeff                    5.2                  hdfd78af_1    bioconda
sortedcontainers          2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlalchemy                2.0.34          py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stanio                    0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.3          py311h9f3472d_0    conda-forge
suitesparse               7.8.2                hb42a789_0    conda-forge
svt-av1                   2.2.1                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.17                h4a8ded7_16    conda-forge
t-coffee                  12.00.7fb08c2        h26a2512_0    bioconda
tabulate                  0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.13.0            h84d6215_0    conda-forge
tbb-devel                 2021.13.0            h94b29a5_0    conda-forge
tblib                     3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tenacity                  9.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.5.0              pyhc1e730c_0    conda-forge
tifffile                  2024.8.30          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
toolz                     0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4.1           py311h9ecbd09_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.66.5             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
trio                      0.26.2          py311h38be061_1    conda-forge
trio-websocket            0.11.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typeguard                 4.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
types-pytz                2024.2.0.20240913          pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.12.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-inspect            0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
typing_extensions         4.12.2             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h8827d51_1    conda-forge
uc-micro-py               1.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ujson                     5.10.0          py311hfdbb021_1    conda-forge
umap-learn                0.5.6           py311h38be061_1    conda-forge
unzip                     6.0                  h7f98852_3    conda-forge
url-normalize             1.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
viennarna                 2.6.4           py311pl5321h0f867f1_3    bioconda
visions                   0.7.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
werkzeug                  3.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
wget                      1.21.4               hda4d442_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.44.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wordcloud                 1.9.3           py311h9ecbd09_2    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.16.0                   pypi_0    pypi
wsproto                   1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xarray                    2024.9.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xarray-einstats           0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xgboost                   2.1.1           cpu_pyhb8f9a19_1    conda-forge
xlsxwriter                3.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.4                h7391055_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.9                h8ee46fc_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h4bc722e_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.5                h4bc722e_0    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xyzservices               2024.9.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
ydata-profiling           4.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                ha4adb4c_5    conda-forge
zfp                       1.0.1                hac33072_1    conda-forge
zict                      3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.20.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h4ab18f5_6    conda-forge
zlib-ng                   2.0.7                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge